Update row and column security information for databases (#75885)
metabase/metabase: docs/permissions/row-and-column-security.md

### Non-SQL databases have limited row and column security

> MongoDB and Druid only supports [row-level security](#row-level-security-filter-by-a-column-in-the-table), both databases don't support column level security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MongoDB and Druid only support [row-level security](#row-level-security-filter-by-a-column-in-the-table). Neither supports column-level security.
```
